Improve LSP1-UniversalReceiver + Delegate standard explanation (#404)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md

### Specification

:::success recommendation

> Smart contracts implementing the `universalReceiverDelegate(...)` function SHOULD **register** the **[LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate InterfaceId](../smart-contracts/interface-ids.md) using ERC165**. This way, other contracts can be aware that the contract supports the LSP1 standard.

Author: Will go with standard

:::

This standard defines a contract called **UniversalReceiverDelegate** containing a single function named `universalReceiverDelegate(...)` that should be called by the `universalReceiver(..)` function with the `typeId` and `data` passed to it, as well as two other parameters:

- address `caller`: the address that initially called the `universalReceiver(...)` function.

- uint256 `value`: the amount of value sent to the `universalReceiver(...)` function.

### How Delegation works

> The address of the **[UniversalReceiverDelegate](../smart-contracts/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate-up.md)** contract can be a variable inside the storage, to allow future upgrade of the **UniversalReceiverDelegate** simply by changing the address to another UniversalReceiverDelegate containing a new logic.

Reviewer: _Suggested rewording:_ (not sure if too wordy, but my ideas was to keep it generic by saying _"inside the contract storage"_ instead of a _"variable"_).

```suggestion
The address of the **[UniversalReceiverDelegate](../smart-contracts/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate-up.md)** contract can be stored inside the storage of the contract delegating its `universalReceiver(...)` functionality. This allows the upgrade of the **UniversalReceiverDelegate** simply by changing the address (in storage) to another UniversalReceiverDelegate containing a new logic.
```

> If the contract implementing the `universalReceiver(..)` supports **[ERC725Y Data key-value store](https://github.com/ERC725Alliance/erc725/blob/main/docs/ERC-725.md#erc725y)**, the address of the **external contract** MUST be set as a value for the **LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate data key** shown below to enable the optional extension. This key-value pair will act as a reference, making this external contract upgradeable if required.

Reviewer: Suggesting to replace _"as shown below"_ by an anchor link (replace `#anchor-link` by the right anchor link in the page :)

```suggestion
If the contract implementing the `universalReceiver(..)` function supports **[ERC725Y Data key-value store](https://github.com/ERC725Alliance/erc725/blob/main/docs/ERC-725.md#erc725y)**, the address of the **external contract** MUST be set as a value under the **[`LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate`](#anchor-link) data key**  to enable the optional extension. This key-value pair will act as a reference, making this external contract upgradeable if required.
```

Author: Not sure if i can link it because it's not part of a specific block, just text under the paragraph

Reviewer: ah ok. or maybe if the _optional extension_ is a subheading?
